docs/index.md, before:

# GlusterFS Documentation

GlusterFS is a scalable network filesystem
suitable for data-intensive tasks such as cloud storage and media streaming.
GlusterFS is free and open source software and can utilize common off-the-shelf
hardware. To learn more, [please see the Gluster project home page](http://www.gluster.org).

**Get Started: Quick Start/Installation Guide**

Since Gluster can be used in different ways and for different tasks, it would be difficult
to explain everything at once. We recommend that you follow the Quick Start Guide first. By
utilizing a number of virtual machines, you will create a functional test setup to learn the
basic concepts. You will then be much better equipped to read the more detailed
Install Guide.

-  [Quick Start Guide](./Quick-Start-Guide/Quickstart.md) - Start here if you are new to Gluster!

-  [Installation Guides](./Install-Guide/Overview.md) describes the prerequisites and provides step-by-instructions to install GlusterFS on various operating systems.

-  [Presentations](./presentations/index.md) related to Gluster from Conferences and summits.

**More Documentation**

-  [Administration Guide](./Administrator Guide/index.md) - describes the configuration and management of GlusterFS.

-  [GlusterFS Developer Guide](./Developer-guide/Developers-Index.md) - describes how you can contribute to this open source project; built through the efforts of its dedicated, passionate community.

-  [Upgrade Guide](./Upgrade-Guide/README.md) - if you need to upgrade from an older version of GlusterFS.

-  [Release Notes](./release-notes/index.md) - Glusterfs Release Notes provides high-level insight into the improvements and  additions that have been implemented in various Glusterfs releases.

-  [GlusterFS Tools](./GlusterFS Tools/README.md) - Guides for GlusterFS tools.

-  [Troubleshooting Guide](./Troubleshooting/README.md) - Guide for troubleshooting.

**How to Contribute?**

The Gluster documentation has its home on GitHub, and the easiest way to contribute is to use
the "Edit on GitHub" link on the top right corner of each page. If you already have a GitHub
account, you can simply edit the document in your browser, use the preview tab, and submit
your changes for review in a pull request.

If you want to help more with Gluster documentation, please subscribe to the [Gluster
Users](https://lists.gluster.org/mailman/listinfo/gluster-users) and [Gluster
Developers](https://lists.gluster.org/mailman/listinfo/gluster-devel) mailing lists,
and share your ideas with the Gluster developer community.

Commit message:

Add documentation for GCS
Updating Gluster documentation with GCS contents.

Signed-off-by: Sunil Kumar Acharya <sheggodu@redhat.com>

docs/index.md, after:

# GlusterFS Documentation

GlusterFS is a scalable network filesystem
suitable for data-intensive tasks such as cloud storage and media streaming.
GlusterFS is free and open source software and can utilize common off-the-shelf
hardware or smoothly work in your cloud too. If you are looking at Gluster to
provide PV (aka, Persistent Volumes) for your containers, you can follow
the [Gluster CS documentation](Gluster for Containers/overview.md). To learn more, [please see the Gluster project home page](http://www.gluster.org).

**Get Started: Quick Start/Installation Guide**

Since Gluster can be used in different ways and for different tasks, it would be difficult
to explain everything at once. We recommend that you follow the Quick Start Guide first. By
utilizing a number of virtual machines, you will create a functional test setup to learn the
basic concepts. You will then be much better equipped to read the more detailed
Install Guide.

-  [Quick Start Guide](./Quick-Start-Guide/Quickstart.md) - Start here if you are new to Gluster!

-  [Installation Guides](./Install-Guide/Overview.md) describes the prerequisites and provides step-by-instructions to install GlusterFS on various operating systems.

-  [Presentations](./presentations/index.md) related to Gluster from Conferences and summits.

**More Documentation**

-  [Administration Guide](./Administrator Guide/index.md) - describes the configuration and management of GlusterFS.

-  [GlusterFS Developer Guide](./Developer-guide/Developers-Index.md) - describes how you can contribute to this open source project; built through the efforts of its dedicated, passionate community.

-  [Upgrade Guide](./Upgrade-Guide/README.md) - if you need to upgrade from an older version of GlusterFS.

-  [Release Notes](./release-notes/index.md) - Glusterfs Release Notes provides high-level insight into the improvements and  additions that have been implemented in various Glusterfs releases.

-  [GlusterFS Tools](./GlusterFS Tools/README.md) - Guides for GlusterFS tools.

-  [Troubleshooting Guide](./Troubleshooting/README.md) - Guide for troubleshooting.

**How to Contribute?**

The Gluster documentation has its home on GitHub, and the easiest way to contribute is to use
the "Edit on GitHub" link on the top right corner of each page. If you already have a GitHub
account, you can simply edit the document in your browser, use the preview tab, and submit
your changes for review in a pull request.

If you want to help more with Gluster documentation, please subscribe to the [Gluster
Users](https://lists.gluster.org/mailman/listinfo/gluster-users) and [Gluster
Developers](https://lists.gluster.org/mailman/listinfo/gluster-devel) mailing lists,
and share your ideas with the Gluster developer community.
